Alan Dean Foster: Freedom is just Chaos, with better lighting.
Felicia Day: That is not what Geek means to me. We are more than the hobbies that we do or the things that we like. To me, Geek means an outsider, a rebel, a dreamer, a creator, a fighter. It's a person who dares to love something that isn't conventional.
E. W. Dijkstra: The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim.
Chuck Palahniuk: The only reason why we ask other people how their weekend was is so we can tell them about our own weekend.
Dwight D. Eisenhower: Things are more like they are now than they ever were before.
Alfred A. Knopf: An economist is a man who states the obvious in terms of the incomprehensible.
Groucho Marx: She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.
Robert Byrne: Getting caught is the mother of invention.
Albert Schweitzer: Every patient carries her or his own doctor inside.
Hugh Macleod: The old ways are dead. And you need people around you who concur.<br> That means hanging out more with the creative people, the freaks, the real visionaries, than you're already doing. Thinking more about what their needs are, and responding accordingly. Avoid the dullards; avoid the folk who play it safe. They can't help you any more. Their stability model no longer offers that much stability. They are extinct, they are extinction.
Sue Grafton: It never pays to deal with the flyweights of the world. They take far too much pleasure in thwarting you at every turn.
Sue Grafton: It never pays to deal with the flyweights of the world. They take far too much pleasure in thwarting you at every turn.
Anna Freud: I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence, but it comes from within. It is there all the time.
Will Rogers : That's the trouble with a politician's life-somebody is always interrupting it with an election.
Nikola Tesla: Today's scientists have substituted mathematics for experiments, and they wander off through equation after equation, and eventually build a structure which has no relation to reality.
Sir Winston Churchill: A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
Henry Fielding: Make money your god and it will plague you like the devil.
Robin Green: I started concentrating so hard on my vision that I lost sight.
Robert Browning: Why comes temptation, but for man to meet and master and crouch beneath his foot, and so be pedestaled in triumph?
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus: Nothing happens to any thing which that thing is not made by nature to bear.
Seneca: We should every night call ourselves to an account; What infirmity have I mastered today? What passions opposed? What temptation resisted? What virtue acquired? Our vices will abort of themselves if they be brought every day to the shrift.
Dorothee Solle: If my hands are fully occupied in holding on to something, I can neither give nor receive.
Kathleen Norris: Disconnecting from change does not recapture the past. It loses the future.
John Lennon: Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Pierre Beaumarchais: It is not necessary to understand things in order to argue about them.
Hugh Macleod: The best way to get approval is not to need it.
Menander: He who labors diligently need never despair; for all things are accomplished by diligence and labor.
Marston Bates: Research is the process of going up alleys to see if they are blind.
Henry J. Kaiser: When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Donald R. Gannon: Where facts are few, experts are many.
Lois McMaster Bujold: If power was an illusion, wasn't weakness necessarily one also?
Albert Einstein: If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
Shakti Gawain: We will discover the nature of our particular genius when we stop trying to conform to our own or to other peoples' models, learn to be ourselves, and allow our natural channel to open.
Epictetus: Preach not to others what they should eat, but eat as becomes you, and be silent.
Dwight D. Eisenhower: We succeed only as we identify in life, or in war, or in anything else, a single overriding objective, and make all other considerations bend to that one objective.
Will Rogers: The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.
Steven Wright: If you shoot at mimes, should you use a silencer?
John Wayne: I've always followed my father's advice: he told me, first to always keep my word and, second, to never insult anybody unintentionally. If I insult you, you can be goddamn sure I intend to. And, third, he told me not to go around looking for trouble.
John Andrew Holmes: Speech is conveniently located midway between thought and action, where it often substitutes for both.
Barbara Mikkelson: Beware the pull on your heartstrings -- it's often the pursestrings that are actually being reached for.
G. K. Chesterton: To have a right to do a thing is not at all the same as to be right in doing it.
Robert Frost: You can be a rank insider as well as a rank outsider.
Samuel Goldwyn: You've got to take the bitter with the sour.
Lord Chesterfield: The knowledge of the world is only to be acquired in the world, and not in a closet.
Jane O'Reilly: Maybe the greatest challenge now is to find a way to keep independence while also committing ourselves to the ties that bind people, families, and ultimately societies together.
Garrison Keillor: They say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad to realize that I'm going to miss mine by just a few days.
Publilius Syrus: Learn to see in another's calamity the ills which you should avoid.
Roald Amundsen: Adventure is just bad planning.
Frank Thomas: Observe Everything. <br> Communicate Well. <br> Draw, Draw, Draw.
R. Stevens: Ever heard Victoria's REAL secret? Too much support hurts.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg: What a blessing it would be if we could open and shut our ears as easily as we open and shut our eyes!
Lenore Hershey: Do give books - religious or otherwise - for Christmas. They're never fattening, seldom sinful, and permanently personal.
Nathaniel Borenstein: The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree, is by accident. That's where we come in; we're computer professionals. We cause accidents.
Dorothea Dix: In a world where there is so much to be done. I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do.
Garry Shandling: I'm too shy to express my sexual needs except over the phone to people I don't know.
Malcolm Forbes: Keeping score of old scores and scars, getting even and one-upping, always make you less than you are.
Rex Stout: Nothing is more admirable than the fortitude with which millionaires tolerate the disadvantages of their wealth.
J. Arthur Thomson: The most powerful factors in the world are clear ideas in the minds of energetic men of good will.
Frank Lloyd Wright: Noble life demands a noble architecture for noble uses of noble men. Lack of culture means what it has always meant: ignoble civilization and therefore imminent downfall.
Ernst Haas: Best wide-angle lens? Two steps backward. Look for the 'ah-ha'.
Endicott Peabody: Remember! Things in life will not always run smoothly. Sometimes we will be rising toward the heights - then all will seem to reverse itself and start downward. The great fact to remember is that the trend of civilization itself is forever upward, that a line drawn through the middle of the peaks and the valleys of the centuries always has an upward trend.
Elizabeth Stone: The particular human chain we're part of is central to our individual identity.
William Arthur Wood: Leadership is based on inspiration, not domination; on cooperation, not intimidation.
Lee Iacocca: The trick is to make sure you don't die waiting for prosperity to come.
Samuel Butler: Life is like playing a violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
Elizabeth Aston: One's life is not as fixed as one believes. Surprises may lie in store for you, the unexpected often tends to happen, sometimes bringing in its train the most delightful change in one's life or circumstances.
Ann Radcliffe: And since, in our passage through this world, painful circumstances occur more frequently than pleasing ones, and since our sense of evil is, I fear, more acute than our sense of good, we become the victims of our feelings, unless we can in some degree command them.
Robert Frost: The middle of the road is where the white line is-and that's the worst place to drive.
Hodding Carter: Television news is like a lightning flash. It makes a loud noise, lights up everything around it, leaves everything else in darkness and then is suddenly gone.
Ayn Rand: The spread of evil is the symptom of a vacuum. whenever evil wins, it is only by default: by the moral failure of those who evade the fact that there can be no compromise on basic principles.
Malcolm X: Sitting at the table doesn't make you a diner, unless you eat some of what's on that plate. Being here in America doesn't make you an American. Being born here in America doesn't make you an American.
Pierre Corneille: When there is no peril in the fight there is no glory in the triumph.
Suze Orman: It's better to do nothing with your money than something you don't understand.
Charles Baudelaire: It is by universal misunderstanding that all agree. For if, by ill luck, people understood each other, they would never agree.
Buck Henry: We need a president who's fluent in at least one language.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox: All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon sand.
Herb Caen: Cockroaches and socialites are the only things that can stay up all night and eat anything.
Bob Hope: I don't generally feel anything until noon; then it's time for my nap.
Cullen Hightower: Saying what we think gives us a wider conversational range than saying what we know.
Kate Chopin: She wanted something to happen - something, anything: she did not know what.
Oscar Levant: So little time and so little to do.
Robert Townsend: Getting there isn't half the fun - it's all the fun.
Ken Rockwell: Your equipment DOES NOT affect the quality of your image. The less time and effort you spend worrying about your equipment the more time and effort you can spend creating great images. The right equipment just makes it easier, faster or more convenient for you to get the results you need.
Gordon Atkinson: It's not foresight or hindsight we need. We need sight, plain and simple. We need to see what is right in front of us.
Ann Radcliffe: Virtue and taste are nearly the same, for virtue is little more than active taste, and the most delicate affections of each combine in real love.
Irv Kupcinet: What can you say about a society that says that God is dead and Elvis is alive?
John Mason Brown: He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
Albert Einstein: The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one.
Dorothy L. Sayers: A human being must have occupation if he or she is not to become a nuisance to the world.
Malcolm Gladwell: We learn by example and by direct experience because there are real limits to the adequacy of verbal instruction.
Raymond Joseph Teller: We made a solemn vow not to take any job outside of show business. We borrowed money from parents and friends, rather than take that lethal job waiting tables. This forced us to take any job offered to us. Anything. We once did a show in the middle of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway in Philadelphia as part of a fashion show on a hot July night while all around our stage, a race-riot was fully underway. That's how serious we were about our vow.
Lee Iacocca: Management is nothing more than motivating other people.
Elizabeth Goudge: Most of the basic truths of life sound absurd at first hearing.
Russell Baker: Inanimate objects are classified scientifically into three major categories - those that don't work, those that break down and those that get lost.
Maurice Chevalier: Old age is not so bad when you consider the alternatives.
Michael Landon: Somebody should tell us, right at the start of our lives, that we are dying. Then we might live life to the limit, every minute of every day. Do it! I say. Whatever you want to do, do it now!
Marvin Minsky: Imagine what it would be like if TV actually were good. It would be the end of everything we know.
Edward L. Flom: One of the hardest tasks of leadership is understanding that you are not what you are, but what you're perceived to be by others.
Jules Renard: Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.
Mark Twain: Just the omission of Jane Austen's books alone would make a fairly good library out of a library that hadn't a book in it.
Dr. Howard Murphy: It is impossible to walk rapidly and be unhappy.
Francis Marion: Promises that you make to yourself are often like the Japanese plum tree - they bear no fruit.
Peter Ustinov: Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
Thomas Carlyle: Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness.
Norman Douglas: How hard it is, sometimes, to trust the evidence of one's senses! How reluctantly the mind consents to reality.
George W. Bush: I believe that freedom is the deepest need of every human soul.
e e cummings: Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
Adele Brookman: Use your imagination not to scare yourself to death but to inspire yourself to life.
William Shakespeare: He is winding the watch of his wit; by and by it will strike.
Thomas A. Edison: To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
Phillip C. McGraw: At the end of the day, whether or not those people are comfortable with how you're living your life doesn't matter. What matters is whether you're comfortable with it.
John Viscount Morley: You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
Samuel Johnson: As I know more of mankind I expect less of them, and am ready now to call a man a good man upon easier terms than I was formerly.
Dave Meurer: A great marriage is not when the 'perfect couple' comes together. It is when an imperfect couple learns to enjoy their differences.
Oscar Wilde: A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
Bob Hope: I don't generally feel anything until noon; then it's time for my nap.
Indian Proverb: Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
Andrew Carnegie: Concentration is my motto. First honesty, then industry, then concentration.
Edgar Bergen: Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
Robert Fulford: I have seen the future and it doesn't work.
Dave Barry: Another possible source of guidance for teenagers is television, but television's message has always been that the need for truth, wisdom and world peace pales by comparison with the need for a toothpaste that offers whiter teeth *and* fresher breath.
John Gaule: A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that works.
David Hume: Art may make a suit of clothes: but nature must produce a man. 
Hugh Macleod: If you have something to say, then say it. If not, enjoy the silence while it lasts. The noise will return soon enough. In the meantime, you%uFFFDre better off going out into the big, wide world, having some adventures and refilling your well. Trying to create when you don%uFFFDt feel like it is like making conversation for the sake of making conversation.
Charles Wadsworth: By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong.
Dame Rose Macaulay: It is a common delusion that you make things better by talking about them.
George Burns: You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
Sir William Bragg: God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and the Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
Robert Byrne: There are two kinds of people, those who finish what they start and so on.
Henry Kissinger: University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
Oprah Winfrey: I've learned that you can't have everything and do everything at the same time.
Andre Malraux: The first duty of a leader is to make himself be loved without courting love. To be loved without 'playing up' to anyone - even to himself.
Joe Weinstein: My dog is worried about the economy because Alpo is up to 99 cents a can. That's almost $7.00 in dog money.
Jessie Sampter: Simplicity is the peak of civilization.
Edward Clarke: The best way to realize the pleasure of feeling rich is to live in a smaller house than your means would entitle you to have.
Mark Twain: Often it does seem a pity that Noah and his party did not miss the boat.
Steve Jobs: I don't think it's good that we're perceived as different I think it's important we're perceived as MUCH BETTER. If being different is essential to doing that, then we have to do that, but if we could be much better without being different, that'd be fine with me. I want to be much better! I don't care about being different, but we'll have to be different in some ways to be much better.
Ralph Waldo Emerson: To be great is to be misunderstood.
Elizabeth Aston: What is right for one couple is wrong for another. I would say that there are many more important factors to a happy marriage.
Seth Godin: Letting your customers set your standards is a dangerous game, because the race to the bottom is pretty easy to win. Setting your own standards--and living up to them--is a better way to profit. Not to mention a better way to make your day worth all the effort you put into it.
John Cleese: If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play.
Elizabeth Aston: How close the sexes sometimes come to one another. It is as much a matter of behaviour and the spere in which they move that separates the masculine part of humanity from the feminine.
Robert Byrne: Everything is in a state of flux, including the status quo.
Emma Goldman: The free expression of the hopes and aspirations of a people is the greatest and only safety in a sane society.
Randy K. Milholland: Sometimes people do things that hurt and it's not because they mean to. They just do. It doesn't necessarily have anything to do with you, but you end up hurt because of it.
Charles Lindbergh: Real freedom lies in wildness, not in civilization.
George Bernard Shaw: A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.
Isaac Bashevis Singer: Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression.
Barbra Streisand: You have got to discover you, what you do, and trust it.
Sir Francis Bacon: They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea.
Benjamin Franklin: Drive thy business or it will drive thee.
David Russell: The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
Jane Wagner: Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
John Burroughs: The lesson which life repeats and constantly enforces is 'look under foot.' You are always nearer the divine and the true sources of your power than you think.
Kent Nichols and Douglas Sarine: Here's a tip to avoid death by celebrity: First off, get a life. They can't touch you if you're out doing something interesting.
Adam Clayton Powell Jr.: Unless man is committed to the belief that all mankind are his brothers, then he labors in vain and hypocritically in the vineyards of equality.
Melanie Benjamin: There is always so much talk about the sins of the fathers, but it is the sins of the mothers that are the most difficult to avoid repeating.
William Blake: Always be ready to speak your mind and a base man will avoid you.
Oprah Winfrey: When you choose the paradigm of service, it turns everything you do from a job into a gift.
Jane Goodall: The greatest danger to our future is apathy.
Alfred Hitchcock: In films murders are always very clean. I show how difficult it is and what a messy thing it is to kill a man.
Kirby Larson: It's the company, not the cooking, that makes a meal.
Gilda Radner: While we have the gift of life, it seems to me that only tragedy is to allow part of us to die - whether it is our spirit, our creativity, or our glorious uniqueness.
Eric Wald: Did I ever tell you about a nasty habit that flight attendants pick up on the job? We learn to always keep smiling, even when we're out of Bloody Mary Mix.
Mickey Rooney: You always pass failure on the way to success.
Oprah Winfrey: Often we don't even realize who we're meant to be because we're so busy trying to live out someone else's ideas. But other people and their opinions hold no power in defining our destiny.
Ellen DeGeneres: What you look like on the outside is not what makes you cool at all. I mean, I had a mullet and wore parachute pants for a long, long time, and I'm doin' okay.
Trey Parker and Matt Stone: Saying goodbye doesn't mean anything. It's the time we spent together that matters, not how we left it.
Joseph Chilton Pearce: We must accept that this creative pulse within us is God's creative pulse itself.
Victor Hugo: Winter is on my head, but eternal spring is in my heart.
Jeff Melvoin: Is love supposed to last throughout all time, or is it like trains changing at random stops. If I loved her, how could I leave her? If I felt that way then, how come I don't feel anything now?
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe: There is nothing more dreadful than imagination without taste.
Anne Frank: How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Helen Keller: One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
Emo Phillips: At my lemonade stand I used to give the first glass away free and charge five dollars for the second glass. The refill contained the antidote.
Ayn Rand: Guilt is a rope that wears thin.
Chinese Proverb: Do not remove a fly from your friend's forehead with a hatchet.
Alfred Hitchcock: The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder.
Oliver Wendell Holmes: Take a music bath once or twice a week for a few seasons, and you will find that it is to the soul what the water bath is to the body.
Alice Childress: A gift - be it a present, a kind word or a job done with care and love - explains itself!... and if receivin' it embarrasses you, it's because your 'thanks box' is warped.
Edith Sitwell: I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it.
Mark Twain: It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
Euripides: Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
Alvin Toffler: Anyone nit-picking enough to write a letter of correction to an editor doubtless deserves the error that provoked it.
Randy K. Milholland: We all have a few failures under our belt. It's what makes us ready for the successes.
Yugoslav Proverb: Complain to one who can help you.
Agatha Christie: I don't think necessity is the mother of invention - invention, in my opinion, arises directly from idleness, possibly also from laziness. To save oneself trouble.
Alvin Toffler: Change is the process by which the future invades our lives.
Thomas Fuller: Trust thyself only, and another shall not betray thee.
Edward Chapin: Do not judge men by mere appearances; for the light laughter that bubbles on the lip often mantles over the depths of sadness, and the serious look may be the sober veil that covers a divine peace and joy.
Sir Walter Scott: He that climbs the tall tree has won right to the fruit.
Novalis: There is but one temple in the universe and that is the body of man.
Calvin Coolidge: No man ever listened himself out of a job.
Mark Twain: Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
Will Rogers: You know everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.
Steven Wright: When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me, 'Did you sleep good?' I said 'No, I made a few mistakes.'
Robert Fulghum: The grass is not, in fact, always greener on the other side of the fence. Fences have nothing to do with it. The grass is greenest where it is watered. When crossing over fences, carry water with you and tend the grass wherever you may be.
Anna Quindlen: Voices that loud are always meant to bully. Do not be bullied. Acts of bravery don't always take place on battlefields. They can take place in your heart, when you have the courage to honor your character, your intellect, your inclinations, and, yes your soul by listening to its clean, clear voice of direction instead of following the muddied messages of a timid world.
Margery Allingham: When the habitually even-tempered suddenly fly into a passion, that explosion is apt to be more impressive than the outburst of the most violent amongst us.
Thomas A. Edison: There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.
William Strunk Jr.: Vigorous writing is concise.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi: A self that is only differentiated - not integrated - may attain great individual accomplishments, but risks being mired in self-centered egotism. By the same token, a person who self is based exclusively on integration will be well connected and secure, but lack autonomous individuality. Only when a person invests equal amounts of psychic energy in these two processes and avoids both selfishness and conformity is the self likely to relect complexity.
Lydia M. Child: Genius hath electric power which earth can never tame.
Marcel Proust: Let us be grateful to people who make us happy: They are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Daniel Raeburn: Facing a mirror you see merely your own countenance; facing your child you finally understand how everyone else has seen you.
Rodney Yee: As we look deeply within, we understand our perfect balance. There is no fear of the cycle of birth, life and death. For when you stand in the present moment, you are timeless.
Milton Friedman: Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
Ben Hecht: Trying to determine what is going on in the world by reading newspapers is like trying to tell the time by watching the second hand of a clock.
Sir Winston Churchill: I cannot pretend to feel impartial about colours. I rejoice with the brilliant ones and am genuinely sorry for the poor browns.
William Shakespeare: Ask me no reason why I love you; for though Love use Reason for his physician, he admits him not for his counsellor.
Ralph Waldo Emerson: What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Elizabeth Aston: It's not what you want in this life, it's what you get that you have to do with.
Graffito: I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Josh Billings: Laughing is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one spot.
Stanislaw Lem: Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.
Jeff Melvoin: It's not your painting anymore. It stopped being your painting the moment that you finished it.
Ann Richards: I feel very strongly that change is good because it stirs up the system.
Marcel Proust: The one thing more difficult than following a regimen is not imposing it on others.
Anna Quindlen: The world is full of women blindsided by the unceasing demands of motherhood, still flabbergasted by how a job can be terrific and torturous.
Niko Stumpo: Art has never been made while thinking of art.
Erich Segal: True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked.
Denise Levertov: Marvelous Truth, confront us at every turn, in every guise.
Paul Theroux: Travel is only glamorous in retrospect.
Mark Twain: Truth is more of a stranger than fiction.
Charles Lamb: I am determined that my children shall be brought up in their father's religion, if they can find out what it is.
Elizabeth I: All my possessions for a moment of time.
J. R. R. Tolkien: I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
L. M. Montgomery: That is one consolation when you are poor—there are so many more things you can imagine about.
Kenneth Hildebrand: Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes.
Raymond Lindquist: Courage is the power to let go of the familiar.
Samuel Goldwyn: Let's have some new cliches.
Ruben Studdard: You can be confident and secure and know that you do a good job at what you do. But you don't know to be arrogant about it.
Woody Allen: The government is unresponsive to the needs of the little man. Under 5'7", it is impossible to get your congressman on the phone.
Bertrand Russell: The most savage controversies are those about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way.
Chuck Palahniuk: The only reason why we ask other people how their weekend was is so we can tell them about our own weekend.
Thomas Jefferson: If our house be on fire, without inquiring whether it was fired from within or without, we must try to extinguish it.
Robertson Davies: Never harbor grudges; they sour your stomach and do no harm to anyone else.
Paul Tillich: Man is asked to make of himself what he is supposed to become to fulfill his destiny.
Bertrand Russell: One should as a rule respect public opinion in so far as is necessary to avoid starvation and to keep out of prison, but anything that goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecessary tyranny, and is likely to interfere with happiness in all kinds of ways.
Diane Frolov and Andrew Schneider: A person has three choices in life. You can swim against the tide and get exhausted, or you can tread water and let the tide sweep you away, or you can swim with the tide, and let it take you where it wants you to go.
Russel Lynes: Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.
John D. Rockefeller: I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure.
Henry Adams: There is no such thing as an underestimate of average intelligence.
Epicurus: The man least dependent upon the morrow goes to meet the morrow most cheerfully.
L. M. Montgomery: It's delightful to have ambitions. I'm so glad I have such a lot. And there never seems to be any end to them—that's the best of it. Just as soon as you attain to one ambition you see another one glittering higher up still. It does make life so interesting.
Jean-Paul Sartre: Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do.
Darrin Weinberg: It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose.
Stephen Leacock: I detest life-insurance agents; they always argue that I shall some day die, which is not so.
Robert Louis Stevenson: You cannot run away from a weakness; you must sometimes fight it out or perish. And if that be so, why not now, and where you stand?
Maureen Murphy: The reason there are so few female politicians is that it is too much trouble to put makeup on two faces.
Robert Louis Stevenson: You cannot run away from a weakness; you must sometimes fight it out or perish. And if that be so, why not now, and where you stand?
Anatole France: An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you do know and what you don't.
Benjamin Disraeli: How much easier it is to be critical than to be correct.
Jean-Luc Picard: Things are only impossible until they're not.
Annie Dillard: A schedule defends from chaos and whim.
William Blake: Always be ready to speak your mind and a base man will avoid you.
Thomas A. Edison: Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Calvin Coolidge: I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
Dale Carnegie: Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
Adrienne E. Gusoff: Living in a vacuum sucks.
Chinese Proverb: Raise your sail one foot and you get ten feet of wind.
L. M. Montgomery: We resent the thought that anything can please us when someone we love is no longer here to share the pleasure with us, and we almost feel as if we were unfaithful to our sorrow when we find our interest in life returning to us.
Benjamin Franklin: There is no kind of dishonesty into which otherwise good people more easily and frequently fall than that of defrauding the government.
Aboriginal Saying: The more you know, the less you need.
Lois McMaster Bujold: A weapon is a device for making your enemy change his mind.
Barack Obama: It may make your blood boil and your mind may not be changed, but the practice of listening to opposing views is essential for effective citizenship. It is essential for our democracy.
M. C. Richards: Poetry often enters through the window of irrelevance.
Chuck Palahniuk: It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
William Shakespeare: O, it is excellent to have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous to use it like a giant.
Albert Einstein: It is the duty of every citizen according to his best capacities to give validity to his convictions in political affairs.
Bertrand Russell: To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.
Jane Austen: We certainly do not forget you as soon as you forget us. It is, perhaps, our fate rather than our merit. We cannot help ourselves. We live at home, quiet, confined, and our feelings prey upon us. You are forced on exertion. You have always a profession, pursuits, business of some sort or other, to take you back into the world immediately, and continual occupation and change soon weaken impressions. All the privilege I claim for my own sex (it is not a very enviable one; you need not covet it), is that of loving longest, when existence or when hope is gone.
Mitchell Burgess: The mellow sweetness of pumpkin pie off a prison spoon is something you will never forget.
William Hazlitt: The love of liberty is the love of others; the love of power is the love of ourselves.
Giuseppe Mazzini: The family is the country of the heart.
Rita Rudner: Before I met my husband, I'd never fallen in love, though I'd stepped in it a few times.
Randy K. Milholland: Could you imagine how horrible things would be if we always told others how we felt? Life would be intolerably bearable.
Louise Beal: Love thy neighbour as yourself, but choose your neighbourhood.
Will Rogers: An ignorant person is one who doesn't know what you have just found out.
Oprah Winfrey: The key to realizing a dream is to focus not on success but significance - and then even the small steps and little victories along your path will take on greater meaning.
Carlos A. Urbizo: Stoop and you'll be stepped on; stand tall and you'll be shot at.
Sir Richard Francis Burton: The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself.
Ann Radcliffe: One act of beneficence, one act of real usefulness, is worth all the abstract sentiment in the world. Sentiment is a disgrace, instead of an ornament, unless it lead us to good actions.
Ken Rockwell: Maybe because it's entirely an artist's eye, patience and skill that makes an image and not his tools.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle: Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Rabbinical Saying: Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
Sir Winston Churchill: He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
Franklin P. Jones: Seeing ourselves as others would probably confirm our worst suspicions about them.
Grenville Kleiser: Today is the day in which to express your noblest qualities of mind and heart, to do at least one worthy thing which you have long postponed.
Johann Georg von Zimmermann: Be not so bigoted to any custom as to worship it at the expense of truth.
Sue Patton Thoele: Abundance is, in large part, an attitude.
Victor Hugo: Life's greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved.
Oliver Wendell Holmes: Take a music bath once or twice a week for a few seasons, and you will find that it is to the soul what the water bath is to the body.
William Jennings Bryan: No one can earn a million dollars honestly.
Shakti Gawain: Every time you don't follow your inner guidance, you feel a loss of energy, loss of power, a sense of spiritual deadness.
Margaret Halsey: Whenever I dwell for any length of time on my own shortcomings, they gradually begin to seem mild, harmless, rather engaging little things, not at all like the staring defects in other people's characters.
Pablo Picasso: The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape...
O. Henry: It was beautiful and simple, as truly great swindles are.
Jef Mallett: If time flies when you're having fun, it hits the afterburners when you don't think you're having enough.
Unknown: Eat a live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
George Bernard Shaw: Hell is full of musical amateurs.
Franklin P. Jones: One thing you will probably remember well is any time you forgive and forget.
Eric Schmidt: If you forgo your plan, you also have to forgo fear.
Robert McCloskey: I know that you believe that you understood what you think I said, but I am not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant.
Paul Gauguin: I shut my eyes in order to see.
Leo Tolstoy: Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Oprah Winfrey: Understand that the right to choose your own path is a sacred privilege. Use it. Dwell in possiblity.
Tennessee Williams: A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
Miriam Beard: Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights; it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.
Martin Luther King Jr.: When you are right you cannot be too radical; when you are wrong, you cannot be too conservative.
Fran Lebowitz: Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable.
Jack Handey: To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no choreography, and the dancers hit each other.
Jim Morrison: Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.
Jeff Bezos: A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
Kathleen Norris: Intimacy is what makes a marriage, not a ceremony, not a piece of paper from the state.
E. Joseph Cossman: Drive-in banks were established so most of the cars today could see their real owners.
Woody Allen: Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
Cecil B. DeMille: The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
Roger Allen: In case you're worried about what's going to become of the younger generation, it's going to grow up and start worrying about the younger generation.
Thomas Jefferson: I would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too much liberty than to those attending too small a degree of it.
Shana Alexander: The sad truth is that excellence makes people nervous.
Mike Tatum: The more you chase money, the harder it is to catch it.
Samuel Johnson: The world is not yet exhaused; let me see something tomorrow which I never saw before.
Charles Buxton: To make pleasures pleasant, shorten them.
Bruce Grocott: I have long been of the opinion that if work were such a splendid thing the rich would have kept more of it for themselves.
Elizabeth Elton Smith: There is an applause superior to that of the multitudes: one's own.
W. C. Fields: I've never struck a woman in my life, not even my own mother.
Jerome Blattner: A person who trusts no one can't be trusted.
Charles Darwin: It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
Jean Sibelius: Pay no attention to what the critics say... Remember, a statue has never been set up in honor of a critic!
Doug Larson: If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.
Samuel Johnson: The world is not yet exhaused; let me see something tomorrow which I never saw before.
Gloria Borger: For most folks, no news is good news; for the press, good news is not news.
Ali Vincent: Making excuses is not going to get me any closer to my goals.
Stephen Leacock: Newspapermen learn to call a murderer 'an alleged murderer' and the King of England 'the alleged King of England' to avoid libel suits.
Aristotle: Dignity consists not in possessing honors, but in the consciousness that we deserve them.
Scottish Proverb: What may be done at any time will be done at no time.
John Ruskin: Say all you have to say in the fewest possible words, or your reader will be sure to skip them; and in the plainest possible words or he will certainly misunderstand them.
Jean Paul Richter: Flowers never emit so sweet and strong a fragrance as before a storm. When a storm approaches thee, be as fragrant as a sweet-smelling flower.
Virginia Woolf: For most of history, Anonymous was a woman.
Bette Davis: My passions were all gathered together like fingers that made a fist. Drive is considered aggression today; I knew it then as purpose.
John Mason Brown: She knows what is the best purpose of education: not to be frightened by the best but to treat it as part of daily life.
Beverly Sills: I've always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up.
Quentin Crisp: To know all is not to forgive all. It is to despise everybody.
Ugo Betti: When you want to believe in something, you also have to believe in everything that's necessary for believing in it.
Helen Mirren: Fear sometimes stops you from doing stupid things. But it can also stop you from doing creative or exciting or experimental things. It can cloud your judgment of others, and lead to all kinds of evil. The control and understanding of our personal fears is one of the most important undertakings in our life.
Virgil Thomson: The way to write American music is simple. All you have to do is be an American and then write any kind of music you wish.
Anonymous: When you point your finger at someone, three fingers are pointing back at you.
Charles Caleb Colton: Riches may enable us to confer favours, but to confer them with propriety and grace requires a something that riches cannot give.
Ali Vincent: It gets a lot easier to deal with life's curveballs when you're not hiding under layers of fat.
Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings: Sorrow was like the wind. It came in gusts.
Voltaire: Work saves us from three great evils: boredom, vice and need.
Seneca: Enjoy present pleasures in such a way as not to injure future ones.
L. M. Montgomery: Whenever you looked forward to anything pleasant you were sure to be more or less disappointed . . . perhaps that is true. But there is a good side to it too. The bad things don't always come up to your expectations either . . . they nearly always turn out ever so much better than you think.
Friedrich Engels: An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
Franklin D. Roosevelt: Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money. It lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Seneca: Enjoy present pleasures in such a way as not to injure future ones.
Woody Allen: I tended to place my wife under a pedestal.
Friedrich Nietzsche: The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Japanese Proverb: Never rely on the glory of the morning nor the smiles of your mother-in-law.
Carl Reiner: A lot of people like snow. I find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water.
Donald H. Rumsfeld: If you are not criticized, you may not be doing much.
Lawrence Bixby: Each handicap is like a hurdle in a steeplechase, and when you ride up to it, if you throw your heart over, the horse will go along, too.
Johnny Carson: If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.
Hugh Macleod: Put your whole self into it, and you will find your true voice. Hold back and you won't. It's that simple.
Ruth Benedict: The happiest excitement in life is to be convinced that one is fighting for all one is worth on behalf of some clearly seen and deeply felt good.
Aristotle: Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting a particular way... you become just by performing just actions, temperate by performing temperate actions, brave by performing brave actions.
Joan Didion: To have that sense of one's intrinsic worth... is potentially to have everything...
Al Franken: Mistakes are a part of being human. Appreciate your mistakes for what they are: precious life lessons that can only be learned the hard way. Unless it's a fatal mistake, which, at least, others can learn from.
George Washington: Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company.
Colleen Wainwright: I love stuff as much as the next guy, but I’ve come to understand that, regardless of the cost of acquiring it, the price of having it is freedom.
Elizabeth Aston: There was no escaping by means of any journey, however adventurous, one took one's problems and sorrows with one.
A. A. Milne: If one is to be called a liar, one may as well make an effort to deserve the name.
Walt Whitman: Now I see the secret of the making of the best persons. It is to grow in the open air and to eat and sleep with the earth.
Chinese Proverb: The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
Epictetus: If you would cure anger, do not feed it. Say to yourself: 'I used to be angry every day; then every other day; now only every third or fourth day.' When you reach thirty days offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to the gods.
George Bernard Shaw: A day's work is a day's work, neither more nor less, and the man who does it needs a day's sustenance, a night's repose and due leisure, whether he be painter or ploughman.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi: As long as we respond predictably to what feels good and what feels bad, it is easy for others to exploit our preferences for their own ends.
Theodore Roosevelt: Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.
e e cummings: To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting.
Mario Andretti: If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough
Noela Evans: Challenge is a dragon with a gift in its mouth…Tame the dragon and the gift is yours.
Randy K. Milholland: The only way to be truly misogynistic is to be a woman.
Jack London: A bone to the dog is not charity. Charity is the bone shared with the dog, when you are just as hungry as the dog.
Colette: It is wise to apply the oil of refined politeness to the mechanisms of friendship.
Charles Kuralt: Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel from coast to coast without seeing anything.
Paula Poundstone: The wages of sin are death, but by the time taxes are taken out, it's just sort of a tired feeling.
Norman Maclean: Eventually, all things merge into one, and a river runs through it. The river was cut by the world's great flood and runs over rocks from the basement of time. On some of the rocks are timeless raindrops. Under the rocks are the words, and some of the words are theirs. I am haunted by waters.
Samuel Butler: It is better to have loved and lost than never to have lost at all.
Marya Mannes: Generosity with strings is not generosity; It is a deal.
William Cobbett: To be poor and dependent is very nearly an impossibility.
Ralph Waldo Emerson: Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Sara Zarr: Life was mostly made up of things you couldn't control, full of surprises, and they weren't always good. Life wasn't what you made it. You were what life made you.
Voltaire: the safest course is to do nothing against one's conscience. With this secret, we can enjoy life and have no fear from death.
Hesketh Pearson: Misquotation is, in fact, the pride and privilege of the learned. A widely- read man never quotes accurately, for the rather obvious reason that he has read too widely.
Kurt Vonnegut: Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything.
Thomas Carlyle: What we become depends on what we read after all of the professors have finished with us. The greatest university of all is a collection of books.
Meredith Willson: The coward dies a thousand deaths, the brave man...only five hundred.
Julia Cameron: When we are angry or depressed in our creativity, we have misplaced our power. We have allowed someone else to determine our worth, and then we are angry at being undervalued.
Eric Hoffer: Our greatest pretenses are built up not to hide the evil and the ugly in us, but our emptiness. The hardest thing to hide is something that is not there.
Ray Bradbury: We need not to be let alone. We need to be really bothered once in a while. How long is it since you were really bothered? About something important, about something real?
Alan Paton: When a deep injury is done to us, we never recover until we forgive.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: I pay no attention whatever to anybody's praise or blame. I simply follow my own feelings.
J. K. Rowling: There is an expiry date on blaming your parents for steering you in the wrong direction. The moment you are old enough to take the wheel, the responsibility lies with you.
Shelley Winters: I think on-stage nudity is disgusting, shameful and damaging to all things American. But if I were 22 with a great body, it would be artistic, tasteful, patriotic and a progressive religious experience.
John Donne: No man is an Island, intire of itselfe; every man is a peece of the Continent, a part of the maine...
William Shakespeare: Things won are done; joy's soul lies in the doing.
Robert Jackson: The price of freedom of religion, or of speech, or of the press, is that we must put up with a good deal of rubbish.
Miguel de Cervantes: Everyone is as God has made him, and oftentimes a great deal worse.
Jerry Seinfeld: It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
George Carlin: Honesty may be the best policy, but it's important to remember that apparently, by elimination, dishonesty is the second-best policy.
Samuel Goldwyn: Let's have some new cliches.
Robert Copeland: To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three men, two of whom are absent.
Martin Luther King Jr.: When you are right you cannot be too radical; when you are wrong, you cannot be too conservative.
Garrison Keillor: They say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad to realize that I'm going to miss mine by just a few days.
David Shore: If we were to care about every person suffering on this planet, life would shut down.
J. K. Rowling: You will never truly know yourself or the strength of your relationships until both have been tested by adversity.
Arthur Schopenhauer: Every nation ridicules other nations, and all are right.
Don Snyder: Let us hope that we are all preceded in this world by a love story.
Solomon Short: The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
Gordon Atkinson: Some things you do because you want to. Some things you do because of the needs of others in your family.
Jack Handey: I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it.
Ellen DeGeneres: I have the worst memory ever so no matter who comes up to me - they're just, like, 'I can't believe you don't remember me!" I'm like, 'Oh Dad I'm sorry!'
Mark Twain: The worst loneliness is not to be comfortable with yourself.
Demetri Martin: My computer beat me at chess... so I beat it at kickboxing.
Ken Keyes Jr.: A loving person lives in a loving world. A hostile person lives in a hostile world. Everyone you meet is your mirror.
Henry James: Summer afternoon - Summer afternoon... the two most beautiful words in the English language.
Bobcat Goldthwaite: America's one of the finest countries anyone ever stole.
Mark Twain: Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
Susan Ertz: Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
George Eliot: Be courteous, be obliging, but don't give yourself over to be melted down for the benefit of the tallow trade.
Niels Bohr: An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.
Pierre Corneille: To win without risk is to triumph without glory.
Alvin Toffler: Anyone nit-picking enough to write a letter of correction to an editor doubtless deserves the error that provoked it.
Philip K. Dick: Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
Captain Lawrence Oates: I am just going outside and may be some time.
Nancy Astor: One reason I don't drink is that I want to know when I am having a good time.
Ingrid Bergman: A kiss is a lovely trick, designed by nature, to stop words when speech becomes unnecessary.
Albert Szent-Gyorgyi: A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.
Gordon Atkinson: One of the joys we have in being human is in exercising our freedom to choose and to take each case as it comes to us. We are not robots who are forced into behaviors by their programming. We see things; we think about things; and we choose our course of action or beliefs appropriately. And as long as that remains true of us, we will live every day of our lives on one slippery slope or another. There is no reason to fear this.
Joseph Farrell: The secret of all power is - save your force. If you want high pressure you must choke off waste.
Hughes Mearns: As I was walking up the stair <br> I met a man who wasn't there. <br> He wasn't there again today. <br> I wish, I wish he'd stay away.
James Thurber: Early to rise and early to bed makes a male healthy and wealthy and dead.
Brendan Behan: When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
Michael Friedman: The scientific name for an animal that doesn't either run from or fight its enemies is lunch.
Theodore Roosevelt: No man is justified in doing evil on the ground of expediency.
Robin Norwood: Make your own recovery the first priority in your life.
H. L. Mencken: The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
Barack Obama: We too often let the material things serve as indicators that we're doing well, even though something inside us tells us that were not doing our best. That we are avoiding that which is hard, but also necessary. That we are shrinking from rather than vising to the challenges of the age.
Alexander Pope: Be not the first by whom the new are tried,<br> Nor yet the last to lay the old aside.
Jane Goodall: Every individual matters. Every individual has a role to play. Every individual makes a difference.
Ausonius: If you are a terror to many, then beware of many.
John Kenneth Galbraith: The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
L. M. Montgomery: Looking forward to things is half the pleasure of them. You mayn't get the things themselves; but nothing can prevent you from having the fun of looking forward to them.
Joseph Conrad: Facing it, always facing it, that's the way to get through. Face it.
Leonard Louis Levinson: A pessimist sees only the dark side of the clouds, and mopes; a philosopher sees both sides, and shrugs; an optimist doesn't see the clouds at all - he's walking on them.
Ice T: Passion makes the world go round. Love just makes it a safer place.
Abraham Lincoln: It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.
Norah Jones: If I make a record I love, then somebody will like it. Maybe not everybody, but that won't matter.
Bertrand Russell: The point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it.
Anne Bradstreet: If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
Sir Thomas Browne: Be charitable before wealth makes thee covetous.
Dave Barry: Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you have been drinking.
Gary Zukav: Acceptance without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western religion, rejection without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western science.
Douglas Adams: Anything that is in the world when you’re born is normal and ordinary and is just a natural part of the way the world works. Anything that’s invented between when you’re fifteen and thirty- five is new and exciting and revolutionary and you can probably get a career in it. Anything invented after you’re thirty-five is against the natural order of things.
Anatole France: If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
Woody Allen: My education was dismal. I went to a series of schools for mentally disturbed teachers.
Albert Schweitzer: A man does not have to be an angel in order to be a saint.
Joseph Heller: The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he's on.
Laurence J. Peter: Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents' shortcomings.
Robertson Davies: There is no nonsense so gross that society will not, at some time, make a doctrine of it and defend it with every weapon of communal stupidity.
Garry Shandling: I have such poor vision I can date anybody.
Thomas Szasz: Happiness is an imaginary condition, formerly attributed by the living to the dead, now usually attributed by adults to children, and by children to adults.
Frank Herbert: The function of science fiction is not always to predict the future but sometimes to prevent it.
John Sladek: The future, according to some scientists, will be exactly like the past, only far more expensive.
Michael J. Fox: If Spirituality is that you're humble in the face of forces greater than you and you believe those forces are more inclined toward being good than being bad, then I'm a spiritual person.
Emily Dickinson: Anger as soon as fed is dead- <br> 'Tis starving makes it fat.
Jeannette Rankin: You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
Lisa Kudrow: Detractors] are just wrong, and that's okay. They just don't see it yet. That's what I would tell myself to keep those moments of doubt, only moments.
Firesign Theatre: Hello seeker! Now don't feel alone here in the New Age, because there's a seeker born every minute.
Charles M. Schulz: Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia.
Emily Dickinson: A little Madness in the Spring Is wholesome even for the King.
Baltasar Gracian: All that really belongs to us is time; even he who has nothing else has that.
Henri-Frédéric Amiel: All appears to change when we change.
Stanislaw J. Lec: You must first have a lot of patience to learn to have patience.
Unknown: A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top .
Jerry Seinfeld: It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
Robert Benchley: Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing.
Bette Midler: I never know how much of what I say is true.
Gail Godwin: Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater.
William Hazlitt: Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps, for he is the only animal that is struck with the difference between what things are and what they ought to be.
George Bernard Shaw: People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they can't find them, make them.
Kahlil Gibran: It is well to give when asked but it is better to give unasked, through understanding.
Wilson Mizner: To my embarrassment I was born in bed with a lady.
Gordon Atkinson: Your world is made of your memories, and your memories are given to you by your world. The whispering voice of happenstance is always in our ears. 'This is the world. This is the way things are. Look. Pay attention. Remember.'
Rita Mae Brown: Language exerts hidden power, like a moon on the tides.
Kurt Vonnegut: We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
Unknown: A friend is someone who will help you move. A real friend is someone who will help you move a body.
Penn Jillette: My favorite thing about the Internet is that you get to go into the private world of real creeps without having to smell them.
Ali Vincent: Chicken exits are self-sabotage. They give you a false explanation for why you don't have something you want.
Henry David Thoreau: Water is] the only drink for a wise man.
Thomas Jefferson: Do not bite at the bait of pleasure till you know there is no hook beneath it.
Mitch Hedberg: I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
Kathryn L. Nelson: Sometimes it is the quiet observer who sees the most.
Coco Chanel: In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.
May Sarton: The minute one utters a certainty, the opposite comes to mind.
Will Durst: I hate the outdoors. To me the outdoors is where the car is.
Eric Schmidt: A mind set in its ways is wasted. Don't do it.
Oscar Wilde: A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
Unknown: He who hesitates is not only lost, but miles from the next exit.
Elizabeth Aston: Anyone may have diamonds: an heirloom is an ornament of quite a different kind.
Mary Howitt: For visions come not to polluted eyes.
Frank Zappa: Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff.
Barbara Bush: War is not nice.
Sam Levenson: The reason grandparents and grandchildren get along so well is that they have a common enemy.
Mike Ditka: Success isn't permanent, and failure isn't fatal.
Greg Garcia: That's the funny thing about havin' a kid. They come with their own set of problems; make everything else you were worried about seem kinda silly.
Bette Davis: It has been my experience that one cannot, in any shape or form, depend on human relations for lasting reward. It is only work that truly satisfies.
Cicero: Never go to excess, but let moderation be your guide.
Robert Orben: Never raise your hand to your children; it leaves your midsection unprotected.
George Burns: You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
Chuck Palahniuk: The things you own end up owning you.
Amelia Earhart: Courage is the price that Life exacts for granting peace.
Gore Vidal: Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say and not giving a damn.
W. Somerset Maugham: I like manual labor. Whenever I've got waterlogged with study, I've taken a spell of it and found it spiritually invigorating.
Charles Churchill: Genius is of no country.
Dag Hammarskjold: For all that has been, thanks. For all that will be, yes.
Barack Obama: You can't rest on your laurels. Your own body of work is yet to come.
Paul Beatty: If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
Niels Bohr: Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true.
Ann Richards: I believe in recovery, and I believe that as a role model I have the responsibility to let young people know that you can make a mistake and come back from it.
Ayn Rand: It is not advisable, James, to venture unsolicited opinions. You should spare yourself the embarrassing discovery of their exact value to your listener.
Sir Winston Churchill: An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
Ellen Goodman: In journalism, there has always been a tension between getting it first and getting it right.
Albert Camus: Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
Anne Sexton: Oh, darling, let your body in, let it tie you in, in comfort.
Theophrastus: Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Cyril Connolly: There are many who dare not kill themselves for fear of what the neighbors will say.
Warren Buffett: In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
Abraham Lincoln: Tis better to be silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
Peter York: Rock and roll is the hamburger that ate the world.
Frank Dane: Get all the fools on your side and you can be elected to anything.
Robertson Davies: A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. 
Tish Grier: I'm of the mind that even people who have limitations, if they have a curiosity, they will find a way to explore it.
Philip Gold: A doctor saves lives -- It's up to people to create lives that are worth saving.
George Lucas: Train yourself to let go of the things you fear to lose.
Friedrich Nietzsche: At times one remains faithful to a cause only because its opponents do not cease to be insipid.
Benjamin Franklin: Be civil to all; sociable to many; familiar with few; friend to one; enemy to none.
Ward Jenkins: Photographers do this for a living, every single day -- they point their lenses toward every single corner of our world and somehow make the mundane mesmerizing through their artistic eye. It's all a matter of being aware of your surroundings and realizing that there are some really amazing and interesting things to look at, even if it may just be something so simple as a wall being covered up by paint.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe: There is nothing more dreadful than imagination without taste.
William Hazlitt: Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps, for he is the only animal that is struck with the difference between what things are and what they ought to be.
Oprah Winfrey: Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don't fight them. Just find a different way to stand.
Jane Austen: Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Miles Davis: My future starts when I wake up every morning... Every day I find something creative to do with my life.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow: A torn jacket is soon mended; but hard words bruise the heart of a child.
Benjamin Franklin: Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
Randy Pausch: You will need to find your passion. Don't give up on finding it because then all you're doing is waiting for the Reaper.
Warren Ellis: Journalism is just a gun. It's only got one bullet in it, but if you aim right, that's all you need. Aim it right and you can blow a kneecap off the world.
Tom Wilson: Honesty is the best image.
Harriet Beecher Stowe: The truth is the kindest thing we can give folks in the end.
Thomas Szasz: Formerly, when religion was strong and science weak, men mistook magic for medicine; now, when science is strong and religion weak, men mistake medicine for magic.
William Shakespeare: Costly thy habit [dress] as thy purse can buy; But not expressed in fancy - rich, not gaudy. For the apparel oft proclaims the man.
Carl Jung: Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Alfred Korzybski: There are two ways to slide easily through life; to believe everything or to doubt everything. Both ways save us from thinking.
John M. Capozzi: Dig where the gold is…unless you just need some exercise.
Lane Olinghouse: Those who flee temptation generally leave a forwarding address.
Groucho Marx: She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.
Wil Wheaton: The goal isn’t to make something everyone will love; the goal is to get excited, and make a thing where something wasn’t before.
Gordon Atkinson: I write because I'm afraid to say some things out loud.
Wil Wheaton: Keep playing games. Make time to play games with your friends and family, because it's surprisingly heartbreaking to wipe a thin layer of dust off a game you love, before you put it back on the shelf because the real world is calling you.
Horace: If you wish me to weep, you must mourn first yourself.
John W. Gardner: When Alexander the Great visited Diogenes and asked whether he could do anything for the famed teacher, Diogenes replied: 'Only stand out of my light.' Perhaps some day we shall know how to heighten creativity. Until then, one of the best things we can do for creative men and women is to stand out of their light.
Bernadette Peters: You've got to be original, because if you're like someone else, what do they need you for?
Adrienne E. Gusoff: I have often depended on the blindness of strangers.
Marcus Valerius Martialis: Why do strong arms fatigue themselves with frivolous dumbbells? To dig a vineyard is worthier exercise for men.
Susan Glaspell: I can't think of any sorrow in the world that a hot bath wouldn't help, just a little bit.
Solomon Short: I'm all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let's start with typewriters.
Elmer G. Letterman: Personality can open doors, but only character can keep them open.
Oprah Winfrey: I define joy as a sustained sense of well-being and internal peace - a connection to what matters.
Voltaire: The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
Barack Obama: In this new, hyper competitive age, none of us, none of us can afford to be complacent.
Philip K. Dick: Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
David Starr Jordan: The world stands aside to let anyone pass who knows where he is going.
Oriental Proverb: If you wish your merit to be known, acknowledge that of other people.
Walt Whitman: Give me the splendid silent sun with all his beams full-dazzling.
Thomas Mann: War is a cowardly escape from the problems of peace.
Soren Kierkegaard: People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.
George Burns: The secret of a good sermon is to have a good beginning and a good ending, then having the two as close together as possible.
Walt Disney: I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I've ever known.
William Hutton: The charity that hastens to proclaim its good deeds, ceases to be charity, and is only pride and ostentation.
Peter Ustinov: To refuse awards is another way of accepting them with more noise than is normal.
Mary Kay Ash: If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
Charlotte Bronte: I try to avoid looking backward and keep looking upward.
Mark Twain: Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
Jerry Seinfeld: A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking.
Daniel J. Boorstin: The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge.
Irish Proverb: Praise youth and it will prosper.
Robert Orben: Never raise your hand to your children; it leaves your midsection unprotected.
Jean Anouilh: Love is, above all else, the gift of oneself.
Robertson Davies: The world is full of people whose notion of a satisfactory future is, in fact, a return to the idealised past.
Ingrid Bengis: For me, words are a form of action, capable of influencing change.
William Faulkner: The artist doesn't have time to listen to the critics.  The ones who want to be writers read the reviews,  the ones who want to write don't have the time to read reviews.
Pythagoras: Rest satisfied with doing well, and leave others to talk of you as they please.
Art Buchwald: You can't make up anything anymore. The world itself is a satire. All you're doing is recording it.
Trey Parker and Matt Stone: Living is having ups and downs and sharing them with friends.
George Ade: Whom are you?' he asked, for he had attended business college.
Alice Walker: How simple a thing it seems to me that to know ourselves as we are, we must know our mothers' names.
Kyran Pittman: Different and new is just the same old if you keep doing it over and over.
Ambrose Bierce: Cabbage: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a man's head.
Malcolm X: Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change.
Norman Cousins: Life is an adventure in forgiveness.
Beverly Sills: I really do believe I can accomplish a great deal with a big grin, I know some people find that disconcerting, but that doesn't matter.
Edward Bulwer-Lytton: A life of pleasure makes even the strongest mind frivolous at last.
John Kenneth Galbraith: Politics is not the art of the possible. It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
Georges Clemenceau: War is a series of catastrophes that results in a victory.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle: Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Michael J. Fox: There's a rule in acting called, "Don't play the result." If you have a character who's going to end up in a certain place, don't play that until you get there. Play each scene and each beat as it comes. And that's what you do in life: You don't play the result.
Louis Schwartzberg: Nature has invented reproduction as a mechanism for life to move forward. As a life force that passes right through us and makes us a link in the evolution of life.
Og Mandino: Love doesn't sit there like a stone, it has to be made, like bread: remade all the time, made new.
Samuel Johnson: Read over your compositions, and wherever you meet with a passage which you think is particularly fine, strike it out.
Martha Graham: The body says what words cannot.
Edmund Burke: All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.
Paul "Bear" Bryant: It's not the will to win that matters...everyone has that. It's the will to prepare to win that matters.
Sheryl Crow: It's not having what you want<br> It's wanting what you've got.
Edward Everett Hale: If you have accomplished all that you planned for yourself, you have not planned enough.
Henry J. Tillman: The saying "Getting there is half the fun" became obsolete with the advent of commercial airlines.
Friedrich Nietzsche: Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
Thomas Merton: The truth that many people never understand, until it is too late, is that the more you try to avoid suffering the more you suffer because smaller and more insignificant things begin to torture you in proportion to your fear of being hurt.
Ralph Waldo Emerson: I awoke this morning with devout thanksgiving for my friends, the old and the new.
Michael J. Fox: I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence, I can reach for; perfection is God's business.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi: A self that is only differentiated - not integrated - may attain great individual accomplishments, but risks being mired in self-centered egotism. By the same token, a person who self is based exclusively on integration will be well connected and secure, but lack autonomous individuality. Only when a person invests equal amounts of psychic energy in these two processes and avoids both selfishness and conformity is the self likely to relect complexity.
Vilhjalmur Stefansson: What is the difference between unethical and ethical advertising? Unethical advertising uses falsehoods to deceive the public; ethical advertising uses truth to deceive the public.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld: Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
Dorothy Parker: I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more.
Charles M. Schulz: Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Samuel Johnson: The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
Anonymous: I am a Marxist--of the Groucho tendency.
John Wayne: Courage is being scared to death - but saddling up anyway.
Kurdish Proverb: Do not throw the arrow which will return against you.
Sir William Osler: The desire to take medicine is perhaps the greatest feature which distinguishes man from animals.
Anatole France: Man is so made that he can only find relaxation from one kind of labor by taking up another.
Charles Du Bos: The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
John Ruskin: When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
Indira Gandhi: You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
Steve Jobs: No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet, death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it, and that is how it should be, because death is very likely the single best invention of life. It's life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.
Raelle Tucker: A way to a man's heart is through his stomach, that shit true as gold. You put some love in your food and a fool can taste it.
David P. Mikkelson: The power of illustrative anecdotes often lies not in how well they present reality, but in how well they reflect the core beliefs of their audience.
George Shelley: He who promises more than he is able to perform, is false to himself; and he who does not perform what he has promised, is a traitor to his friend.
Michael Patrick King: Maybe our mistakes are what make our fate. Without them, what would shape our lives? Perhaps, if we never veered off course, we wouldn't fall in love or have babies or be who we are.
Marva Collins: Trust yourself. Think for yourself. Act for yourself. Speak for yourself. Be yourself. Imitation is suicide.
R. Stevens: Destiny is for people who are too lazy to create alternate timelines.
Unknown: Whoever does not love his work cannot hope that it will please others.
Oscar Wilde: I am not young enough to know everything.
Groucho Marx: Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
Bertrand Russell: The universe may have a purpose, but nothing we know suggests that, if so, this purpose has any similarity to ours.
Nick Faldo: We were happily married for eight months. Unfortunately, we were married for four and a half years.
Doug Larson: If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.
T. Campbell and Gisele Lagace: I like weights. You know where you stand with them. Well, sometimes you're lying under them, trying not to let them crush you, but you see, you KNOW they'd crush you if they could. There's honesty.
Edward Gibbon: Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
H. L. Mencken: Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable.
Theodore Roosevelt: No man is justified in doing evil on the ground of expediency.
Stephenie Meyer: I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.
Mahatma Gandhi: Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary.
Bible: Ask, and it shall be given you; Seek, and ye shall find; Knock, and it shall be opened unto you.
Judith Martin: We are born charming, fresh and spontaneous and must be civilized before we are fit to participate in society.
Edward P. Tryon: In answer to the question of why it happened, I offer the modest proposal that our Universe is simply one of those things which happen from time to time.
Gail Godwin: Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater.
Dorothea Dix: In a world where there is so much to be done. I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do.
Rodney Dangerfield: My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.
Leo Tolstoy: Everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.
Anna Quindlen: Think of life as a terminal illness, because, if you do, you will live it with joy and passion, as it ought to be lived.
E. B. White: Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half the time.
Ali Vincent: You have to track every single thing you eat if you want to keep posting big numbers on the scale each week.
Benjamin Disraeli: The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but to reveal to him his own.
Colette: It is wise to apply the oil of refined politeness to the mechanisms of friendship.
J. K. Rowling: Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.
Hector Berlioz: Every composer knows the anguish and despair occasioned by forgetting ideas which one had no time to write down.
Sydney Smith: Have the courage to be ignorant of a great number of things, in order to avoid the calamity of being ignorant of everything.
George Carlin: Some national parks have long waiting lists for camping reservations. When you have to wait a year to sleep next to a tree, something is wrong.
Nancy Reagan: I believe that people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.
George Bernard Shaw: If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience.
H. L. Mencken: I believe that all government is evil, and that trying to improve it is largely a waste of time.
Evenius: The crowd gives the leader new strength.
Peter Ustinov: Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
John J. Plomp: You know that children are growing up when they start asking questions that have answers.
Wil Wheaton: If you enjoyed making a thing, and you’re proud of the thing you made, that’s enough. Not everyone is going to like it, and that’s okay.
Billy Crystal: Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.
Jarvis Klem: Make a decision, even if it's wrong.
Woody Allen: I am at two with nature.
W. Somerset Maugham: Remember that it is nothing to do your duty, that is demanded of you and is no more meritorious than to wash your hands when they are dirty; the only thing that counts is the love of duty; when love and duty are one, then grace is in you and you will enjoy a happiness which passes all understanding.
Ralph Charell: Avoid the crowd. Do your own thinking independently. Be the chess player, not the chess piece.
Unknown: All power corrupts, but we need the electricity.
Fred Allen: I can't understand why a person will take a year to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
Ludwig Feuerbach: Man is what he eats.
Stephenie Meyer: I was thinking about how disjointedly time seemed to flow, passing in a blur at times, with single images standing out more clearly than others. And then, at other times, every second was significant, etched in my mind.
Unknown: A stitch in time would have confused Einstein.
Alexander Hamilton: A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
W. H. Auden: No opera plot can be sensible, for people do not sing when they are feeling sensible.
Margaret Cho: Maybe I wanted to hear it so badly that my ears betrayed my mind in order to secure my heart.
Mahatma Gandhi: It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.
William Henry Hudson: You cannot fly like an eagle with the wings of a wren.
Marquis de la Grange: When we ask for advice, we are usually looking for an accomplice.
Patricia Russell-McCloud: Life is an escalator: You can move forward or backward; you can not remain still.
Meri Williams: Personally I have struggled massively with the dilemma of talent vs desire. Choosing desire may not always be the easiest thing to do. It may seem a waste to leave those natural talents behind and strike out in a new direction. But at least you’ll feel alive.
Pearl Buck: There is an alchemy in sorrow. It can be transmuted into wisdom, which, if it does not bring joy, can yet bring happiness.
Mark Twain: Suppose you were an idiot and suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
Dame Edna Everage: My mother used to say that there are no strangers, only friends you haven't met yet. She's now in a maximum security twilight home in Australia.
Isaac Bashevis Singer: We know what a person thinks not when he tells us what he thinks, but by his actions.
John Muir: We all flow from one fountain Soul. All are expressions of one Love. God does not appear, and flow out, only from narrow chinks and round bored wells here and there in favored races and places, but He flows in grand undivided currents, shoreless and boundless over creeds and forms and all kinds of civilizations and peoples and beasts, saturating all and fountainizing all.
George Bernard Shaw: If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience.
Abraham Lincoln: Force is all-conquering, but its victories are short-lived.
G. K. Chesterton: I say that a man must be certain of his morality for the simple reason that he has to suffer for it.
A. J. Kitt: You have no control over what the other guy does. You only have control over what you do.
Ambrose Bierce: Calamities are of two kinds: misfortunes to ourselves, and good fortune to others.
Sam Ewing: Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.
Christina Rossetti: Spring is] when life's alive in everything.
Ann Richards: I believe in recovery, and I believe that as a role model I have the responsibility to let young people know that you can make a mistake and come back from it.
Jane Austen: We certainly do not forget you as soon as you forget us. It is, perhaps, our fate rather than our merit. We cannot help ourselves. We live at home, quiet, confined, and our feelings prey upon us. You are forced on exertion. You have always a profession, pursuits, business of some sort or other, to take you back into the world immediately, and continual occupation and change soon weaken impressions. All the privilege I claim for my own sex (it is not a very enviable one; you need not covet it), is that of loving longest, when existence or when hope is gone.
Holbrook Jackson: Be contented when you have got all you want.
Thomas A. Edison: We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything.
Cindy Chupack: That's the key to having it all: stop expecting it to look like what you thought it was going to look like.
Japanese Proverb: When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends.
John Churton Collins: In prosperity our friends know us; in adversity we know our friends.
Groucho Marx: Go, and never darken my towels again.
George Carlin: As a matter of principle, I never attend the first annual anything.
Oprah Winfrey: My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
Ronnie Shakes: My doctor gave me two weeks to live. I hope they're in August.
William James: Human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives.
Christopher Morley: There is no mistaking a real book when one meets it. It is like falling in love.
Will Rogers: I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat.
Margery Cuyler: I think wholeness comes from living your life consciously during the day and then exploring your inner life or unconscious at night.
Diane Von Furstenberg: Life is a risk.
George Bernard Shaw: My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right thing to say, and then to say it with the utmost levity.
Elie Wiesel: Ultimately, the only power to which man should aspire is that which he exercises over himself.
Mark Twain: There is something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
Ann Radcliffe: Happiness arises in a state of peace, not of tumult.
John Milton: He who reigns within himself and rules his passions, desires, and fears is more than a king. 
Michael Fry and T. Lewis: The more things change, the more they remain... insane.
Cicero: Never go to excess, but let moderation be your guide.
King Whitney Jr.: Change has a considerable psychological impact on the human mind. To the fearful it is threatening because it means that things may get worse. To the hopeful it is encouraging because things may get better. To the confident it is inspiring because the challenge exists to make things better.
L. M. Montgomery: Kindred spirits are not so scarce as I used to think. It's splendid to find out there are so many of them in the world.
Orison Swett Marden: We lift ourselves by our thought, we climb upon our vision of ourselves. If you want to enlarge your life, you must first enlarge your thought of it and of yourself. Hold the ideal of yourself as you long to be, always, everywhere - your ideal of what you long to attain - the ideal of health, efficiency, success.
Lois McMaster Bujold: Children might or might not be a blessing, but to create them and then fail them was surely damnation.
Epictetus: Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
e e cummings: To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting.
Tina Fey: It's harder to make something good when you can't curse all the time.
Novalis: There is but one temple in the universe and that is the body of man.
J. K. Rowling: His priority did not seem to be to teach them what he knew, but rather to impress upon them that nothing, not even... knowledge, was foolproof.
W. Somerset Maugham: It is cruel to discover one's mediocrity only when it is too late.
Henry David Thoreau: Every man is the builder of a temple called his body.
Jeanne Moreau: I don't think success is harmful, as so many people say. Rather, I believe it indispensable to talent, if for nothing else than to increase the talent.
William Safire: Is sloppiness in speech caused by ignorance or apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
Elizabeth I: Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
Oprah Winfrey: Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don't fight them. Just find a different way to stand.
Amy Vanderbilt: The modern rule is that every woman should be her own chaperon.
Oprah Winfrey: Understand that the right to choose your own path is a sacred privilege. Use it. Dwell in possiblity.
Dag Hammarskjold: The longest journey is the journey inward.
Oscar Wilde: We have really everything in common with America nowadays except, of course, language.
Seneca: One should count each day a separate life.
William Hazlitt: If you think you can win, you can win. Faith is necessary to victory.
Eric Schmidt: In a networked world, trust is the most important currency.
Scott Westerfeld: Maybe kissing is sort of like nature's coffee.
Adelle Davis: We are indeed much more than what we eat, but what we eat can nevertheless help us to be much more than what we are.
Maya Angelou: Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told, 'I'm with you kid. Let's go.'
Andy Rooney: Making duplicate copies and computer printouts of things no one wanted even one of in the first place is giving America a new sense of purpose.
Jeffrey Kalmikoff: It's not a 9-5 job. It's an every moment you're awake job because you actually enjoy the work that you're doing.
William Shakespeare: This above all: to thine own self be true; And it must follow, as the night the day; Thou canst not then be false to any man.
Robert J. Sawyer: The right things to do are those that keep our violence in abeyance; the wrong things are those that bring it to the fore.
Mark Twain: The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause.
Margaret Cho: Success is meaningless if you can't sleep at night because of harsh things said, petty secrets sharpened against hard and stony regret, just waiting to be plunged into the soft underbelly of a 'friendship.'
Benjamin Franklin: Anger is never without Reason, but seldom with a good One.
Barry Neil Kaufman: A loud voice cannot compete with a clear voice, even if it's a whisper.
George Bernard Shaw: The longer I live the more I see that I am never wrong about anything, and that all the pains I have so humbly taken to verify my notions have only wasted my time.
Langston Coleman: Luck is what you have left over after you give 100 percent.
James A. Garfield: Next in importance to freedom and justice is popular education, without which neither freedom nor justice can be permanently maintained.
Bill Nye: Humor is everywhere, in that there's irony in just about anything a human does.
Payne Stewart: I'm going to a special place when I die, but I want to make sure my life is special while I'm here.
John Updike: Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
Jane Austen: We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be.
Frank Lloyd Wright: An idea is salvation by imagination.
Publilius Syrus: It is folly to punish your neighbor by fire when you live next door.
Jessamyn West: It is the loving, not the loved, woman who feels loveable.
Sydney Smith: You must not think me necessarily foolish because I am facetious, nor will I consider you necessarily wise because you are grave.
Joan Rivers: The first time I see a jogger smiling, I'll consider it.
Lisa Williams: I'm the world's least happy atheist. I miss having religious faith, but trying to have it seems like trying to be in love with someone that you're not in love with.
Samuel Johnson: The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
Benjamin Franklin: Content makes poor men rich; discontentment makes rich men poor.
Queen Christina: It is necessary to try to surpass oneself always; this occupation ought to last as long as life.
Robert Benchley: It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
Salma Hayek: It's very easy to feel someone's pain when you love them.
Laura Preble: There are worse things than looking stupid. Sleeping through life is one of them.
Danish Proverb: Ask advice only of your equals.
Bob Hope: A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson: Don't waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
Plutarch: Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
Thomas A. Edison: Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Clarence Darrow: Chase after truth like hell and you'll free yourself, even though you never touch its coat-tails.
J. B. Priestley: Like its politicians and its wars, society has the teenagers it deserves.
Anne Sexton: Oh, darling, let your body in, let it tie you in, in comfort.
Samuel Johnson: Of all noises, I think music is the least disagreeable.
Mel Brooks: If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.
Mark Twain: How little a thing can make us happy when we feel that we have earned it.
Minna Thomas Antrim: Man forgives woman anything save the wit to outwit him.
Ronald Reagan: Facts are stupid things.
Bret Harte: The only sure thing about luck is that it will change.
Thomas Paine: What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly.
Jewish Proverb: Rejoice not at thine enemy's fall - but don't rush to pick him up either.
Anonymous: God is not dead but alive and well and working on a much less ambitious project.
Tennessee Williams: A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld: To establish oneself in the world, one has to do all one can to appear established.
Albert Einstein: To punish me for my contempt for authority, fate made me an authority myself.
Jane Austen: Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. If the dispositions of the parties are ever so well known to each other or ever so similar beforehand, it does not advance their felicity in the least. They always continue to grow sufficiently unlike afterwards to have their share of vexation; and it is better to know as little as possible of the defects of the person with whom you are to pass your life.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.: Lawyers spend a great deal of their time shoveling smoke.
Mark Twain: Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
Devin J. Monroe: The only thing we have to fear is fear itself, but raptors are pretty dang scary. 
Kathryn L. Nelson: Do not run from the truth. There be nought so hard to live with as a lie.
Confucius: The superior man, when resting in safety, does not forget that danger may come. When in a state of security he does not forget the possibility of ruin. When all is orderly, he does not forget that disorder may come. Thus his person is not endangered, and his States and all their clans are preserved.
John Kenneth Galbraith: The conventional view serves to protect us from the painful job of thinking.
George S. Patton: Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
Jeanne Moreau: Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Anonymous: Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
Art Buchwald: You can't make up anything anymore. The world itself is a satire. All you're doing is recording it.
Orson Welles: I passionately hate the idea of being with it, I think an artist has always to be out of step with his time.
Henny Youngman: I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places.
George Eliot: The strongest principle of growth lies in human choice.
Aristotle: Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Bob Thaves: Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but backwards and in high heels.
Franklin D. Roosevelt: Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money. It lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Tony Benn: It's the same each time with progress. First they ignore you, then they say you're mad, then dangerous, then there's a pause and then you can't find anyone who disagrees with you.
William Jennings Bryan: No one can earn a million dollars honestly.
Sue Halpern: Passion kept one fully in the present, so that time became a series of mutually exclusive 'nows.'
Trey Parker and Matt Stone: Family isn't about whose blood you have. It's about who you care about.
Paul "Bear" Bryant: I don't hire anybody who's not brighter than I am. If they're not brighter than I am, I don't need them.
Martha Graham: There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening, that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and will be lost.
Prince Charles: Be neither too remote nor too familiar.
Jonathan Swift: A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart.
Margaret Mead: Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Pearl Buck: Order is the shape upon which beauty depends.
Eric Schmidt: None of us is as smart as all of us.
Woody Allen: I tended to place my wife under a pedestal.
Norman Ford: Never try to tell everything you know. It may take too short a time.
Jay Leno: If God had wanted us to vote, he would have given us candidates.
J. R. R. Tolkien: It's a dangerous business going out your front door.
Cory Doctorow: This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy.
T. S. Eliot: Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers.
Lewis Mumford: Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf.
The Dalai Lama: If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Alexandre Dumas: Rogues are preferable to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus: Nothing happens to any thing which that thing is not made by nature to bear.
Gordon Atkinson: I think people want their illusions and writers are mostly illusion. When you read their words, you read a flattened, incomplete version of the writer.
Danah Boyd: The things that make us safest from others make us least from ourselves.
William G. McAdoo: It is impossible to defeat an ignorant man in argument.
Joey Adams: A psychiatrist is a fellow who asks you a lot of expensive questions your wife asks for nothing.
John Updike: We are most alive when we're in love.
Alanis Morissette: I see my body as an instrument, rather than an ornament.
David Shore: Doing what you love means dealing with things you don't.
Charles F. Kettering: An inventor is simply a fellow who doesn't take his education too seriously.
Ruben Studdard: I just never let anything bother me, man. I know myself really well. Nobody's opinion of me can shake my opinion of myself.
Lois McMaster Bujold: Experience suggests it doesn't matter so much how you got here, as what you do after you arrive.
Orson Welles: Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask what's for lunch.
Henry James: The only obligation to which in advance we may hold a novel, without incurring the accusation of being arbitrary, is that it be interesting.
Carl Reiner: A lot of people like snow. I find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water.
Frank Lloyd Wright: An idea is salvation by imagination.
Ralph Waldo Emerson: Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Mark Twain: How little a thing can make us happy when we feel that we have earned it.
Amy Tan: You see what power is - holding someone else's fear in your hand and showing it to them!
Natalie Goldberg: Stress is an ignorant state. It believes that everything is an emergency. Nothing is that important.
W. Somerset Maugham: Nothing in the world is permanent, and we're foolish when we ask anything to last, but surely we're still more foolish not to take delight in it while we have it. If change is of the essence of existence one would have thought it only sensible to make it the premise of our philosophy.
Pablo Picasso: Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
James Lane Allen: You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
Alfred E. Wiggam: A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
Victor Borge: I only know two pieces; one is 'Clair de Lune' and the other one isn't.
Paulette Bates Alden: Her grandmother, as she gets older, is not fading but rather becoming more concentrated.
Gordon Atkinson: It's not foresight or hindsight we need. We need sight, plain and simple. We need to see what is right in front of us.
Lisa Kudrow: I think it's always a good move to listen to that inner voice, if it doesn't lead to a crime.
Scott Westerfeld: We don't always get to choose what we love.
Leo Tolstoy: Everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.
Barack Obama: If we choose only to expose ourselves to opinions and viewpoints that are in line to our own, we become more polarized, more set in our own ways. It will only reinforce and deepen the political divides in our country. But if we choose to actively seek out information that challenges our assumptions and beliefs, perhaps we can begin to understand where the people who disagree with us are coming from.
Jack Nicklaus: Achievement is largely the product of steadily raising one's levels of aspiration and expectation.
Lytton Strachey: Discretion is not the better part of biography.
Henry David Thoreau: Any fool can make a rule, and any fool will mind it.
Blaise Pascal: Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
Albert Szent-Gyorgyi: Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought.
John Lancaster Spalding: The highest courage is to dare to appear to be what one is.
Rene Descartes: It is not enough to have a good mind. The main thing is to use it well.
Victor Hugo: If a writer wrote merely for his time, I would have to break my pen and throw it away.
T. S. Eliot: Whatever you think, be sure it is what you think; whatever you want, be sure that is what you want; whatever you feel, be sure that is what you feel.
Marie Curie: Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Henry David Thoreau: Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Leo Buscaglia: The easiest thing in the world to be is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be. Don't let them put you in that position.
Gwendolyn Brooks: To be in love Is to touch with a lighter hand. In yourself you stretch, you are well.
Napoleon Bonaparte: Medicine is] a collection of uncertain prescriptions the results of which, taken collectively, are more fatal than useful to mankind.
Kurt Lewin: A successful individual typically sets his next goal somewhat but not too much above his last achievement. In this way he steadily raises his level of aspiration.
Marshall McLuhan: There is absolutely no inevitability as long as there is a willingness to contemplate what is happening.
Norman Douglas: If you want to see what children can do, you must stop giving them things.
Don Marquis: The chief obstacle to the progress of the human race is the human race.
George Washington: Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation, for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company.
Mark Twain: The radical of one century is the conservative of the next. The radical invents the views. When he has worn them out the conservative adopts them.
Christina Rossetti: Better by far you should forget and smile than you should remember and be sad.
Douglas Adams: He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.
Thomas Jefferson: I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
Tina Turner: The real power behind whatever success I have now was something I found within myself - something that's in all of us, I think, a little piece of God just waiting to be discovered.
Madonna: Poor is the man whose pleasures depend on the permission of another.
Frank Bruno: Boxing is just show business with blood.
Immanuel Kant: Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
Kay Ryan: Who would have guessed it possible that waiting is sustainable. A place with its own harvest.
John Atkinson: If you don't run your own life, somebody else will.
Dana Carvey: I'm thirty years old, but I read at the thirty-four-year-old level.
Amber Deckers: Never regret something that once made you smile.
Dan Quisenberry: The future is much like the present, only longer.
George Washington: Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company.
Alexander Hamilton: A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
Frank Lloyd Wright: Turn the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
Adrienne E. Gusoff: Living in a vacuum sucks.
Tom Stoppard: We're actors - we're the opposite of people.
Laura Moncur: Sometimes ya gotta do stuff 'cause it's expected of ya, not 'cause of anything else.
Robert Zend: There are too many people, and too few human beings.
Scott Adams: Dance like it hurts,<br> Love like you need money,<br> Work when people are watching.
Samuel Goldwyn: Television has raised writing to a new low.
Lois McMaster Bujold: You try to give away what you want yourself.
Meredith Willson: The coward dies a thousand deaths, the brave man...only five hundred.
Tish Grier: It's always been about the experience of life and of not being passive. If something so excites my curiosty, I want to go there, be a part of whatever it is that's either pushing me or pulling me toward it. That desire for experience has made me very rich in life experience.
Albert Ellis: The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You don't blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the President. You realize that you control your own destiny.
Thomas Jefferson: Shake off all the fears of servile prejudices, under which weak minds are servilely crouched. Fix reason firmly in her seat, and call on her tribunal for every fact, every opinion. Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason than that of blindfolded fear.
Denzel Washington: I say luck is when an opportunity comes along, and you're prepared for it.
Woody Allen: Not only is there no God, but try getting a plumber on weekends.
Arnold Bennett: Having once decided to achieve a certain task, achieve it at all costs of tedium and distaste. The gain in self-confidence of having accomplished a tiresome labor is immense.
Lyndon B. Johnson: We can draw lessons from the past, but we cannot live in it.
Og Mandino: Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster. Your life will never be the same again.
Robertson Davies: Never harbor grudges; they sour your stomach and do no harm to anyone else.
Sir Francis Bacon: Reading maketh a full man, conference a ready man, and writing an exact man.
Bertrand Russell: One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important.
Norman Thomas: The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and hold them in the right scale of values.
Sophocles: One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.
Stephanie Barron: I never feel that I have comprehended an emotion, or fully lived even the smallest events, until I have reflected upon it in my journal; my pen is my truest confidant, holding in check the passions and disappointments that I dare not share even with my beloved.
Ralph Charell: Avoid the crowd. Do your own thinking independently. Be the chess player, not the chess piece.
David Brinkley: The one function TV news performs very well is that when there is no news we give it to you with the same emphasis as if there were.
McCallister Dodds: Real strength is not just a condition of one's muscle, but a tenderness in one's spirit.
Warren Ellis: Journalism is just a gun. It's only got one bullet in it, but if you aim right, that's all you need. Aim it right and you can blow a kneecap off the world.
Mark Twain: A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read.
Thomas Hardy: A man's silence is wonderful to listen to.
Matthew Trump: Diplomacy is the art of knowing what not to say.
Lord Chesterfield: Choose your pleasures for yourself, and do not let them be imposed upon you.
Woody Allen: How can I believe in God when just last week I got my tongue caught in the roller of an electric typewriter?
Saki: A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
Margaret Mitchell: Until you've lost your reputation, you never realize what a burden it was.
Hubert H. Humphrey: In real life, unlike in Shakespeare, the sweetness of the rose depends upon the name it bears. Things are not only what they are. They are, in very important respects, what they seem to be.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe: To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state.
Ambrose Bierce: Painting: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather and exposing them to the critic.
Maureen Dowd: The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
Oscar Wilde: The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
Norman Mailer: Any war that requires the suspension of reason as a necessity for support is a bad war.
William Shakespeare: Though music oft hath such a charm to make bad good, and good provoke to harm.
Stephanie Klein: When we die, no one remembers us for what we weighed. Our weight isn't etched into our headstones.
Erich Segal: True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked.
Arthur Schopenhauer: All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
Phil Knight: Play by the rules, but be ferocious.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley: Nothing contributes so much to tranquilizing the mind as a steady purpose - a point on which the soul may fix its intellectual eye.
Mario Andretti: If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough
George Lois: Creativity can solve almost any problem. The creative act, the defeat of habit by originality, overcomes everything.
H. L. Mencken: It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man.
Samuel McChord Crothers: The trouble with facts is that there are so many of them.
Ralph Waldo Emerson: If I have lost confidence in myself, I have the universe against me.
Oscar Wilde: Disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue. It is through disobedience and rebellion that progress has been made.
Henry Miller: One's destination is never a place but rather a new way of looking at things.
Melody Beattie: Each moment in time we have it all, even when we think we don't.
Alan Bennett: The majority of people perform well in a crisis and when the spotlight is on them; it's on the Sunday afternoons of this life, when the nobody is looking, that the spirit falters.
Unknown: Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity.
Stephanie Barron: I never feel that I have comprehended an emotion, or fully lived even the smallest events, until I have reflected upon it in my journal; my pen is my truest confidant, holding in check the passions and disappointments that I dare not share even with my beloved.
R. Stevens: The only good ideas are the ones I can take credit for.
Mark Twain: Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are more pliable.
Edith Sitwell: The public will believe anything, so long as it is not founded on truth.
John Ciardi: You don't have to suffer to be a poet; adolescence is enough suffering for anyone.
Sir Richard Francis Burton: The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself.
Chinese Proverb: When you drink the water, remember the spring.
Plato: No human thing is of serious importance.
Bruce Cockburn: The trouble with normal is it always gets worse.
Kathleen Norris: Intimacy is what makes a marriage, not a ceremony, not a piece of paper from the state.
Steven Wright: If you shoot at mimes, should you use a silencer?
Mahatma Gandhi: It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.
W. Somerset Maugham: Perhaps the most important use of money - It saves time. Life is so short, and there's so much to do, one can't afford to waste a minute; and just think how much you waste, for instance, in walking from place to place instead of going by bus and in going by bus instead of by taxi.
Charles Bukowski: You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics.
Madame de Tencin: Never refuse any advance of friendship, for if nine out of ten bring you nothing, one alone may repay you.
Albert Szent-Gyorgyi: A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.
Dolores Huerta: If you haven't forgiven yourself something, how can you forgive others?
Alexander Pope: Some people will never learn anything because they understand everything too soon.
Samuel Butler: Life is like playing a violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
Madame de Stael: Sow good services; sweet remembrances will grow them.
Nikola Tesla: Today's scientists have substituted mathematics for experiments, and they wander off through equation after equation, and eventually build a structure which has no relation to reality.
John Maynard Keynes: I do not know which makes a man more conservative—to know nothing but the present, or nothing but the past.
Ralph Waldo Emerson: Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Stephenie Meyer: Just because we've been dealt a certain hand, it doesn't mean that we can't choose to rise above - to conquer the boundaries of a destiny that none of us wanted. To try to retain whatever essential humanity we can.
Phil Jackson: Winning is important to me, but what brings me real joy is the experience of being fully engaged in whatever I'm doing.
Dorothy Parker: The best way to keep children home is to make the home atmosphere pleasant--and let the air out of the tires.
Eric Hoffer: It is when power is wedded to chronic fear that it becomes formidable.
William Shakespeare: Our remedies oft in ourselves do lie.
Amy Dacyczyn: Frugality without creativity is deprivation.
Lawana Blackwell: Outings are so much more fun when we can savor them through the children's eyes.
Abigail van Buren: The best index to a person's character is<br> (a) how he treats people who can't do him any good, and<br> (b) how he treats people who can't fight back.
Nikki Giovanni: Nothing is easy to the unwilling.
Neil Diamond: Don't need to say please to no man for a happy tune.
Garrison Keillor: It's a shallow life that doesn't give a person a few scars.
George Eliot: The important work of moving the world forward does not wait to be done by perfect men.
W. Somerset Maugham: Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it.
